Fix for 2302. Document Navigation() fluent API. (#2340)
dotnet/EntityFramework.Docs: entity-framework/core/modeling/owned-entities.md

Each navigation to an owned type defines a separate entity type with completely independent configuration.

In addition to nested owned types, an owned type can reference a regular entity which can be either the owner or a different entity as long as the owned entity is on the dependent side. This capability sets owned entity types apart from complex types in EF6.

[!code-csharp[OrderDetails](../../../samples/core/Modeling/OwnedEntities/OrderDetails.cs?name=OrderDetails)]

## Configuring Owned Types

It is possible to chain the `OwnsOne` method in a fluent call to configure this model:

[!code-csharp[OwnsOneNested](../../../samples/core/Modeling/OwnedEntities/OwnedEntityContext.cs?name=OwnsOneNested)]

Notice the `WithOwner` call used to define the navigation property pointing back at the owner. To define a navigation to the owner entity type that's not part of the ownership relationship `WithOwner()` should be called without any arguments.

It is also possible to achieve this result using `OwnedAttribute` on both `OrderDetails` and `StreetAddress`.

> In addition, notice the `Navigation` call. In EFCore 5.0, navigation properties to owned types can be further configured [as for non-owned navigation properties](relationships.md#configuring-navigation-properties).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, notice the `Navigation` call. In EFCore 5.0, navigation properties to owned types can be further configured [in the same way as non-owned navigation properties](relationships.md#configuring-navigation-properties).
```

Author: @AndriySvyryd I had that originally, but decided against it because, although it's similar, here the `Navigation()` call appears inside the buildAction and so looks a bit different.
